<h1>SEPGOR - A Discord Simulation Implemented in Java and JavaFX</h1><p>SEPGOR is a Discord-like simulation application that has been implemented with pure Java as the backend part and JavaFX for the frontend. It also uses SQLite as the database for storing information. SEPGOR is a secure application that provides its users with a high level of security through two layers of encryption and session-based authentication.</p><h2>Key Features</h2><ul><li><strong>Two Layers of Encryption:</strong> SEPGOR provides two layers of encryption to ensure maximum security for the users. The first layer is TLS and the second layer is end-to-end encryption,which are both implemented manually..</li><li><strong>Session-based Authentication:</strong> SEPGOR uses session-based authentication to ensure that only authenticated users can access the application's features.</li><li><strong>Real-time Voice Chat:</strong> SEPGOR has a real-time voice chat feature that is built on TCP protocol.</li></ul><h2>Getting Started</h2><p>To get started with SEPGOR, you need to clone the project from the GitHub repository, set up the environment, and run the application.</p><h3>Prerequisites</h3><ul><li>Java 8 or later</li><li>JavaFX</li><li>SQLite</li></ul><h3>Installing</h3><ol><li>Clone the repository</li><li>Build the project using Maven</li><li>Run the application using the following command: <code>java -jar sepgor.jar</code></li></ol><h2>Usage</h2><p>SEPGOR provides a user-friendly interface that is similar to Discord. The application allows you to create a new account, log in, and join/create channels. You can also chat with other users and use the real-time voice chat feature.</p><h2>Contributing</h2><p>We welcome contributions from anyone who is interested in improving SEPGOR. Please read our CONTRIBUTING.md file to get started.</p><h2>License</h2><p>SEPGOR is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.</p><h2>Acknowledgments</h2><ul><li>We would like to thank the Java and JavaFX communities for their contributions to the development of SEPGOR.</li></ul></div>
### help us improve!
ETH: 0xbC886991eA2cEaEB130ad3Fa08c8D49dFFffB211 <br>
or maybe buy our [NFT](https://opensea.io/assets/matic/0x2953399124f0cbb46d2cbacd8a89cf0599974963/76388119882978997568913765850859883916017352287277730636263513465230303690753)

